Quarter major axis length (mm). This feature was not used for mice. Transformation: none, abs.
<html>Area of the ellipse (mm<sup>2</sup>). Transformations: none, relative.</html>Quarter minor axis length (mm). Transformations: none, abs.Change in area from frame t to t+1 (mm/s). Transformations: none, abs.Change in quarter major axis length from frame t to t+1 (mm/s). Transformations: none, abs.Change in quarter minor axis length from frame t to t+1 (mm/s). Transformations: none, abs.Change in the eccentricity of the ellipse from frame t to t+1 (1/s). Transformations: none, abs.Eccentricity of the ellipse (no units). Transformations: none, abs.

Angular speed (rad/s) |dtheta|. Transformations: relative.Sideways speed of the animal's center of rotation (defined by corfrac_maj and corfrac_min) (mm/s). Transformations: relative.
Projection of the center of rotation on the animal's major axis (no units). This is a measure of the point on the animal that translates least from one frame to the next. It is 0 at the center of the animal, 1 at the forward tip of the major axis, and -1 and the backward tip of the major axis. Transformations: none, abs.Projection of the center of rotation on the animal's minor axis (no units). This is a measure of the point on the animal that translates least from one frame to the next. It is 0 at the center of the animal, 1 at the right tip of the minor axis, and -1 and the backward tip of the minor axis. Transformations: flip, abs.Change in the velocity direction (rad/s). Transformations: none, abs.Angular velocity (rad/s). Transformations: flip, abs.Sideways velocity of the animal's center of rotation (mm/s). This is the projection of the change in the position of the center of rotation on the animal onto the direction orthogonal to the animal's orientation. Transformations: none, abs and relative.Forward velocity of the animal's center (mm/s). This is the projection of the animal's velocity on its orientation direction. Transformations: none, abs and relative.Forward velocity of the backmost point on the animal (mm/s). Transformations: none, abs and relative.Sideways velocity of the animal's center of rotation (mm/s). This is the projection of the change in the position of the center of rotation on the animal onto the direction orthogonal to the animal's orientation. Transformations: flip and abs.Sideways velocity of the animal's center (mm/s). This is the projection of the animal's velocity on the direction orthogonal to the orientation. Transformations: flip and abs.Sideways velocity of the backmost point on the animal (mm/s). Transformations: flip and abs.
Sideways velocity of the animal's center of rotation, sign-normalized so that if the animal's orientation is turning right, then flipdv_cor is positive if the animal's center of rotation is also translating to the right (dv_cor x signdtheta) (mm/s). Transformations: relative.Difference between velocity direction and the animal's orientation. Transformations: none.
Speed of the center of rotation (mm/s). Transformations: none and relative
Speed of the fitted ellipse's center(mm/s). Transformations: none and relative.Speed of the animal's nose (mm/s). Transformations: none and relative.Speed of the animal's tail (mm/s). Transformations: none and relative.
Difference between velocity direction and orientation (rad). Transformations: flip and abs.

Absolute difference between direction to closest animal based on dnose2ell and current animal's orientation (rad). Transformations: none.
Absolute difference in velocity direction between current animal and closest animal based on anglesub (rad). Transformations: none.Absolute difference in velocity direction between current animal and closest animal based on dnose2ell (rad) . Transformations: none.Absolute difference in orientation between current animal and closest animal based on anglesub (rad). Transformations: none.
Absolute difference in orientation between this animal and closest animal based on dnose2ell (rad). Transformations: none.Angle to closest (based on angle subtended) animal's centroid in current animal's coordinate system. Metric that encodes the position of the closest animal relative to the current animal. Transformations: flip, abs.Angle to closest (based on distance from nose to ellipse) animal's centroid in current animal's coordinate system. Metric that encodes the position of the closest animal relative to the current animal. Transformations: flip, abs.Angle of the current animal's centroid in the closest (based on distance from nose to ellipse) animal's coordinate system. Metric that encodes the position of the closest animal relative to the current animal. Transformations: flip, abs.
<html>Maximum total angle of animal's field of view (fov) occluded by another animal (rad). The parameter fov that can be set, and for our classifier's we set it to &pi radians. Transformations: none.</html>Change in maximum total angle of animal's view occluded by another animal (rad/s). Transformations: none, abs.Minimum distance from this animal's center to other animal's center. Transformations: none, relative.Change in minimum distance between this animal's center and other flies' centers (mm/s). Transformations: none, abs.Minimum distance from any point of this animal's ellipse to the nose of other flies. Transformations: none, relative.Minimum distance from any point of this animal's nose to the tail of other flies. Transformations: none, relative.Minimum distance from any point of this animal's nose to the ellipse of other flies. Transformations: none, relative.Minimum distance from this animal's nose to the ellipse of other flies. The distance to flies that lie within the cone of -30º to 30º are multiplied by a factor greater than 1 dependent on the angle. This feature is used to find distance to flies that are close but not in front of the animal. Transformations: none.Minimum distance from this animal's nose to the ellipse of other flies. The distance to flies that lie outside the -20º to 20º cone in front of the animal are multiplied by a factor greater than 1 depending on the angle. This feature is used to find distance to flies that are close and in front of the animal. Transformations: none.Minimum distance from this animal's nose to the ellipse of other flies. The distance to flies that lie outside the -30º to 30º cone in front of the animal are multiplied by a factor greater than 1 depending on the angle. This feature is used to find distance to flies that are close and in front of the animal. Transformations: none.Magnitude of difference in velocity of this animal and velocity of closest animal based on anglesub (mm/s). Transformations: none, relative.Magnitude of difference in velocity of this animal and velocity of closest animal based on dnose2ell (mm/s). Transformations: none, relative.
Number of flies within 2 body lengths (4a). Transformations: none.Velocity of this animal in the direction towards the closest animal (closest animal being defined based on anglesub) (mm/s). Transformations: none, relative.Velocity of this animal in the direction towards the closest animal (closest animal being defined based on dnose2ell) (mm/s). Transformations: none, relative.

Identity of closest animal, based on anglesub, which is the total angle of animal's eld of view (fov) occluded by the other animal (rad). The parameter fov that can be set, and for our classifier's we set it to  radians. Transformations: none.Identity of closest animal, based on dcenter. Transformations: none.Identity of closest animal, based on dell2nose. Transformations: none.Identity of closest animal, based on dnose2ell. Transformations: none.

Angle to closest point on the arena wall from animal's center, relative to the animal's orientation (rad). Transformations: flip,abs.Distance of animal's center from arena's center. Transformations: none.
Change in the angle to closest point on the arena wall to animal's center, relative to the animal's orientation (rad). Transformations: flip, abs.
Change in the distance to arena wall (mm/s). Transformations: none.Distance to the arena wall from the animal's center (mm). Transformations: none, relative.

Animal's angular position in the arena measured as angle from x-axis. Transformations: none.Distance of animal's center from arena's center. Transformations: none.Change in velocity direction (rad). Transformations: none, abs.Velocity direction (rad). Transformations: none.

Scores given by the jump classifier. Transformations: none.Scores given by the pivot tail classifier. Transformations: none.

Angle of the bigger wing. The bigger wing is decided based on the detected area of the wings. Transformations: none.
Angle of the smaller wing. The smaller wing is decided based on the detected area of the wings. Transformations: none.Area of the wing that is closer to the body. Transformations: none, relative.Area of the wing that is further away from the body. Transformations: none, relative.
Mean of the areas of the wings. Transformations: none, relative.Mean of the angles of the wings. Transformations: none.Angle between the right wing and the left wing. Transformations: none.Difference of the right wing angle and the left wing angle. Transformations: none.Number of wings detected by the wing tracker. It can be either 0, 1 or 2. Transformations: none.Change in nwingsdetected. Transformations: none, abs.
Minimum of the wing areas. Transformations: none, relative.Maximum of the wing areas. Transformations: none, relative.Minimum of the wing angles. Transformations: none.Maximum of the wing angles. Transformations: none.

Change in the angle of the bigger wing. The bigger wing is decided based on the detected area of the wings. Transformations: none, abs, flip.Change in the angle of the smaller wing. The smaller wing is decided based on the detected area of the wings. Transformations: none, abs, flip.Change in the area of the wing that is closer to the body. Transformations: none, abs, relative.Change in the area of the wing that is more away from the body. Transformations: none, abs, relative.Change in the area of the larger wing. Transformations: none, abs, relative.Change in the are of the smaller wing. Transformations: none, abs, relative.Change in the angle of the larger wing angle. Transformations: none, abs.
Change in the angle of the smaller the wing angle. Transformations: none, abs.Change in wing_angle_diff. Transformations: none, abs.Change in wing_angle_imbalance. Transformations: none, abs.Maximum of the largest absolute change in the wing areas. Transformations: none, relative.Minimum of the largest absolute change in the wing areas. Transformations: none, relative.Maximum of the largest absolute change in the wing angles. Transformations: none.Minimum of the largest absolute change in the wing angles. Transformations: none.Change in the angle of the wing that moves in the most. Transformations: none.Change in the angle of the wing that moves in the least. Transformations: none.Change in the angle of the wing that moves out the most. Transformations: none.Change in the angle of the wing that moves out the least. Transformations: none.